README.rst, before:

Autocommit: automatically write commit messages
===============================================

Uses the `Mistral api <https://mistral.ai/>`_ to pre-generate a commit message for you.

.. image:: .readme-images/autocommit.gif
    :alt: Autocommit in action

Features
--------

- Uses Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) to give context to the LLM.
- Automatically pre-fills commit messages using git hooks.
- Optionally uses the mistral function-calling API to let the model access other files in the codebase (disabled by default).

Setup
-----

You can simply install autocommit using pip:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install git_autocommit_hook


Usage
-----

To use autocommit, simply run the following command in the root of your repository:

.. code-block:: console

    $ autocommit setup --key-file <path-to-mistral-api-key>

This will 

- create a ``.autocommit_storage_dir`` (untracked) directory in the root of your repository with the RAG database and the Mistral API key.
- add a git hook to your repository to automatically generate commit messages.
- add a git hook to your repository to keep the RAG database up-to-date.


Why ?
-----

.. figure:: .readme-images/horror.png
    :alt: screenshot of commit messages whose message is simply "update"

    This is why

Commit message:

Update README: Clarify Mistral API key requirement and setup instructions, add test instructions
Improve test coverage by adding tests for autocommit setup and operation, and for RAG database accessibility.

Modify model tests to remove flaky test case.

Adjust basic_rag.py to raise an error if a chunk with the requested id is not found, and to handle cases where there are not enough results in the search.

Add new utility functions for changing directories and committing changes in tests.

README.rst, after:

Autocommit: automatically write commit messages
===============================================

Uses the `Mistral api <https://mistral.ai/>`_ to pre-generate a commit message for you.

.. image:: .readme-images/autocommit.gif
    :alt: Autocommit in action

Features
--------

- Uses Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) to give context to the LLM.
- Automatically pre-fills commit messages using git hooks.
- Optionally uses the mistral function-calling API to let the model access other files in the codebase (disabled by default).

Setup
-----

You can simply install autocommit using pip:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install git_autocommit_hook


Usage
-----

To use autocommit, you will need a Mistral API key. You can get one by signing up on the `Mistral website <https://mistral.ai/>`_, and then creating one from `the console <https://console.mistral.ai/api-keys/>`_.

Then, you can simply run the following command in the root of your repository:

.. code-block:: console

    $ autocommit setup --key-file <path-to-mistral-api-key>

This will 

- create a ``.autocommit_storage_dir`` (untracked) directory in the root of your repository with the RAG database and the Mistral API key.
- add a git hook to your repository to automatically generate commit messages.
- add a git hook to your repository to keep the RAG database up-to-date.


Why ?
-----

.. figure:: .readme-images/horror.png
    :alt: screenshot of commit messages whose message is simply "update"

    This is why
